hey what's going on guys my name is Trey
and welcome to another comedy ghost
weapon comparison today I'm gonna be
comparing the Remington r5 in the
Maverick DLC assault rifle I really hope
you guys enjoy this video so without
further ado let's go ahead and get
started we are going to be starting off
with the Remington r5 which is one of my
personal favorite assault rifles within
cold that he goes and as you can see
I've added a new category which is the
three shot kill range and the Remington
has one of the highest or longest three
shot kill ranges in the game at 44
meters or 53 with muzzle brake and 33
with suppressor and I almost never use
the suppressor on this weapon because
I'm pretty good at just staying off the
map by moving from place to place with
this weapon because it's great for that
and it has a really nice range as you
can see and so I really really do love
this and the squad point value is 7 as
you can see in that is the same as the
ak-12 and so I mean that's not really
that big of a deal it's not going to be
a deal breaker off at seven squad points
the rate of fire is the lowest among the
assault rifles 631 rounds per minute and
the high range and the high damage
really makes up for this the magazine
size is pretty low at 24 so I always
find myself using extended mags with
this weapon and finally these shots to
kill it's going to be three close range
and five at long range the reason it's
49 at close range which is going to be a
three shot kill so if someone slightly
damaged it'll be a two shot kill at
close range and it'll drop all the way
off to 20 damage at long range which is
why it's a five shot kill so overall
this is a pretty solid assault rifle and
let's go ahead and move on to the
Maverick so if we have not seen I've
already compared the AK to the Maverick
and unfortunately some of the damage was
not accurate so now that we have the
full accurate damage I'm REE comparing
it but this time to the Remington so the
three shot kill arranged for this weapon
is 37 meters which is you know a little
bit shorter than the Remington but
you'll still be getting a three shot
kill fairly it often but basically one
thing that's cool about this weapon as
you can see at the bottom is it is a two
shot kill but one thing to be noted is
that range is very very short it's like
seven meters so it's almost like
point-blank
in just a little bit longer than
point-blank so you really won't be
getting it too often and I imagine if
you use a suppressor it'll completely
eliminate that two shot kill range but
you guys will just have to find that out
for yourselves so the squad point value
is zero as I've said before and because
you spent fifteen dollars in the dlc but
you know the squad want value is zero
within the game the rate of fire is 652
and then is similar to the Remington in
the AK so you know it has a good damage
so it really is made up for the magazine
size is the standard assault rifle 30
rounds or 45 extended and I don't use
anything like extended anymore I mean I
do from time to time as you saw my best
class setup and i'll have another
updated class up class setup coming soon
moving on to the shots to kill it is to
as i said it close right hand drops all
the way off 25 at long range it's going
to be a seven-meter two-shot kennel
range and it'll drop off the 24 damage
long 50 damage it close so I mean you'll
be getting that five shot kill range but
if there's slightly damaged you'll get
it in for for most of the time so
basically guys let's bring the Remington
stats back on screen and compare them so
as you can see the Remington has a
longer three shot kill range and that's
really really important and I used a
suppressor on the Mavericks that drops
that even further and the squad point
value is 0 for the Maverick and seven
for the Remington but I really don't
think that's that big of a factor the
rate of fire is slower on the Remington
but at longer ranges you're going to be
dropping people a little bit quicker and
the rate of fire is 652 for the Maverick
the magazine size is 24 for the
Remington and 30 for the Maverick and
it's two shots to kill for the Maverick
up at very very close ranges and it
drops off the five and it is 3 for the
Remington and five so at long range
they're both going to do but the same
but I imagine the Remington will be more
powerful given its range thank you guys
all for watching the video I hope you
all enjoyed make sure to slap a like if
you did let's try to get the video to 15
likes you guys are awesome I'll see you
next time
and